fix(Types): increase numerial epsilon (#390)
Geode-solutions/OpenGeode: upgrade-guide.md

### Breaking Changes

> - **global_epsilon**: The `global_epsilon` value has been changed from 1E-8 to 1E-6 to better find numerical approximation. Also, `global_epsilon2` and `global_epsilon3` has been removed because they make no pratical sense. Use  `global_epsilon` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **global_epsilon**: The `global_epsilon` value has been changed from 1E-8 to 1E-6 to better find numerical approximation. Also, `global_epsilon2` and `global_epsilon3` have been removed because they make no practical sense. Use  `global_epsilon` instead.
```
